.editorconfig,Christoph Graupner
.github/dependabot.yml,Dmitry Barashev
.gitignore,Dmitry Barashev
.gitignore,nitram509
.gitmodules,Dmitry Barashev
.travis.yml,Your Name
AUTHORS,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/biz.ganttproject.desktop.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/commons-csv.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/commons-net-ftpclient-3.0.1.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/ganttproject-jxbusycomponent-1.2.2.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/mdfx-0.2.0-SNAPSHOT.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/milton-api-2.7.4.4.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/milton-client-2.7.4.4-bs.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/org.bouncycastle.openpgp-1.67-with-deps.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/lib/swingx-1.6.4.jar,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.app.libs/plugin.xml,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/build.gradle,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/plugin.xml,dbarashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/AlwaysWorkingTimeCalendarImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/CalendarActivityImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/CalendarEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GanttDaysOff.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GPCalendar.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GPCalendarActivity.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GPCalendarBase.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GPCalendarCalc.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/GPCalendarListener.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/ImportCalendarOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/walker/ForwardTimeWalker.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/walker/WorkingUnitCounter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/WeekendCalendarImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/Canvas.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/Canvas.java,Dmitry Kazakov
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/DummySpatialIndex.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/FontChooser.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/Painter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/SpatialIndex.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/TextMetrics.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/TextSelector.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/Offset.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/OffsetBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/OffsetBuilderImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/OffsetList.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/OffsetLookup.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/grid/OffsetManager.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/AbstractTextPainter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/AlphaRenderingOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/LineRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/PolygonRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/RectangleRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/ShapeConstants.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/ShapePaint.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/Style.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/Style.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/SummaryTaskRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/TextLengthCalculatorImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/render/TextPainter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/AbstractSceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/BarChartActivity.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/BarChartActivity.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/BarChartConnector.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/BarChartConnector.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/BottomUnitSceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/CapacityHeatmapSceneBuilder.kt,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/DayGridSceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/ChartBoundsAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/Connector.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/DependencySceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TaskActivitySceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TaskActivitySceneBuilder.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TaskLabelSceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TaskLabelSceneBuilder.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TreeTableSceneBuilder.kt,Dmitry Kazakov
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/ResourcesColumnSceneBuilder.kt,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/SceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/TimelineSceneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/CachingTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/DayTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/MonthTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/QuarterTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/TimeFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/TimeFormatters.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/TimeUnitText.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/WeekTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/text/YearTextFormatter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/model/task/TaskDefaultColumn.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/OperationStatus.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/BooleanOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/ChangeValueEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/ChangeValueListener.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DateOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultBooleanOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultDateOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultDoubleOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultEnumerationOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultFileOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultFontOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultIntegerOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultMoneyOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DefaultStringOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/DoubleOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/EnumerationOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/FileOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/FontOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/FontSpec.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/GPAbstractOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/GPOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/GPOptionChangeListener.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/GPOptionGroup.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/IntegerOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/KeyValueOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/KeyValueOption.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/ListOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/MoneyOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/StringOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/option/ValidationException.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/table/ColumnList.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/table/ColumnList.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/CalendarFactory.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/DateFrameable.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/GanttCalendar.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/impl/FramerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/impl/GPTimeUnitStack.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/impl/GregorianTimeUnitStack.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/impl/WeekFramerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeDuration.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeDurationImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnit.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitDateFrameableImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitFunctionOfDate.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitFunctionOfDateImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitGraph.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitPair.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/core/time/TimeUnitStack.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/Logging.kt,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/org/w3c/util/DateParser.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/java/org/w3c/util/InvalidDateException.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/main/resources/img/notes.png,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.core/src/test/kotlin/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/gantt/TreeTableSceneBuilderTest.kt,Dmitry Kazakov
biz.ganttproject.core/src/test/kotlin/biz/ganttproject/core/option/ColorOptionTest.kt,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.core/src/test/resources/mockito-extensions/org.mockito.plugins.MockMaker,Dmitry Kazakov
biz.ganttproject.desktop/build.gradle,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.desktop/src/biz/ganttproject/desktop/GanttProjectApi.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.desktop/src/biz/ganttproject/desktop/QuitResponse.java,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.impex.ical/build.gradle,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.ical/plugin.xml,dbarashev
biz.ganttproject.impex.ical/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/ical/IcsConverter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.ical/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/ical/IcsFileImporter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.ical/src/main/resources/ical4j.properties,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/build.gradle,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/build.gradle,dependabot[bot]
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/plugin.xml,dbarashev
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/CustomPropertyMapping.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/ExporterToMsProjectFile.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/ImporterFromMsProjectFile.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/LocaleOption.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/ProjectFileExporter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/ProjectFileImporter.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/WebStartIDClass.java,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/main/resources/mspdi_fix.xsl,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/test/resources/holidays.xml,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/src/test/resources/weekends.xml,Christoph Graupner
biz.ganttproject.impex.msproject2/webstart-plugin.xml,dbarashev
biz.ganttproject.mxgraph/build.gradle,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.mxgraph/src/main/kotlin/biz/ganttproject/mxgraph/ColouredRectanglePainter.kt,Dmitry Barashev
biz.ganttproject.mxgraph/src/main/kotlin/biz/ganttproject/mxgraph/ColouredRectanglePainter.kt,Dmitry Kazakov
biz.ganttproject.mxgraph/src/main/kotlin/biz/ganttproject/mxgraph/SummaryTaskPainter.kt,Dmitry Kazakov
build-bin/build-deb/lib/ant-task-build-deb.jar,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/ant_deb_task.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/bin/postinst,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/bin/postrm,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/ant_deb_task.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/antlib.xml,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/BuildDeb.java,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/Deb.java,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/DesktopEntry.java,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/DesktopEntryCategories.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/DesktopEntryKeys.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/GZipOutputStream.java,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb/src/java/com/googlecode/ant_deb_task/UnixPrintWriter.java,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/build-deb.xml,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/lin/jdk.packager.jar,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/mac/ganttproject-platypus-jre.command,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/mac/GanttProject.platypus,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/mac/jdk.packager.jar,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/package-mac-2.8.10.sh,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/package-mac.sh,user922091
build-bin/win/jdk.packager.jar,Dmitry Barashev
build-bin/win/jpackager.exe,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/FAganttproject.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/file-associations.properties,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/ganttproject.entitlements.xml,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/ganttproject.icns,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/ganttproject.icns,user922091
build-cfg/ganttproject.png,Dmitry Barashev
build-cfg/ganttproject.svg,Dmitry Barashev
com.bardsoftware.constable/settings.gradle,Krasnoriadtseva Anastasiia
CONTRIBUTING.md,Dmitry Barashev
crowdin.yml,Christoph Graupner
crowdin.yml,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/build.gradle,Alexis Brodeur
ganttproject/build.gradle,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/build.gradle,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/lib/core/eclipsito.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/apple.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/commons-csv.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/commons-httpclient.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/jakarta-slide-webdavlib.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/jdnc.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/jdnc.LICENSE,Frank Sundermeyer
ganttproject/lib/core/licenses/jgoodies-looks.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/development/licenses/junit-license-cpl-v10.html,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/optional/licenses/avalon.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/optional/licenses/batik.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/lib/optional/licenses/fop.LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/LICENSE,dbarashev
ganttproject/plugin.xml,Alex Kurutin
ganttproject/plugin.xml,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/plugin.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject/plugin.xml,Unknown
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/About.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Alert.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Dialog.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Internationalization.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/mdfx-default.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Menu.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/OptionPane.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/OptionPane.css,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/OptionPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Search.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Spinner.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Splash.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/StatusBar.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/StatusBar.css,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/TabPane.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Theme.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Toolbar.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Toolbar.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/app/Util.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/FXUtil.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/GanttCSVExport.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/GanttCSVOpen.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/ImporterFromCsvFile.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/lib/fx/Components.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/lib/fx/Desktop.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/lib/fx/GPList.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/lib/fx/ToggleSwitchSkin.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/lib/fx/ToggleSwitchSkin.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/platform/PlatformOptionPage.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/platform/Update.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/platform/Update.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/BrowserPaneBuilder.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/CloudSettingsDto.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/DocPropertiesUi.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/DocPropertiesUi.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudBrowserPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudDocument.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudHttpImpl.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudOfflineMirror.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudOptions.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudOptions.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudSignupPane.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudSignupPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudStatusBar.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudStorage.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudStorage.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudStorageOptions.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/HistoryPane.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/http/AuthToken.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/http/Lock.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/http/Task.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/SigninPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/Document.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/FolderView.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/FolderView.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/FolderViewCells.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/FolderViewCells.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/local/LocalStorage.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/local/LocalStorage.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/local/LocalStorageState.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/local/LocalStorageValidation.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/RecentProjects.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/Storage.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/StorageDialog.css,Alexis Brodeur
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/StorageDialog.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/StorageDialog.css,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/StorageDialogAction.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/StorageDialogBuilder.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavBrowserPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavLoadService.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavLoadTask.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavLoadWorker.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavPasswordPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavServerSetupPane.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavServerSetupPane.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/webdav/WebdavStorage.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/AbstractChartImplementation.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/AbstractChartImplementation.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ActionDelegate.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ActionStateChangedListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ActiveActionProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ArtefactAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ArtefactAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ArtefactDeleteAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ArtefactNewAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ArtefactPropertiesAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/BaselineDialogAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/CalculateCriticalPathAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/CancelAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/CopyAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/CutAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/EditMenu.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/EditMenu.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/PasteAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/RedoAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/RefreshViewAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/SearchDialogAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/SettingsDialogAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/edit/UndoAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/GPAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/help/HelpMenu.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/OkAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/CloudProjectActionBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ExitAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ExitAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/NewProjectAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/OpenProjectAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/PrintAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ProjectExportAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ProjectImportAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ProjectMenu.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ProjectPreviewAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/ProjectPropertiesAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/SaveProjectAction.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/project/SaveProjectAsAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/AssignmentDeleteAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/AssignmentToggleAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceDeleteAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceMoveDownAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceMoveUpAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceNewAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourcePropertiesAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/resource/ResourceSendMailAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollTimeIntervalAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollToEndAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollToEndAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollToSelectionAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollToStartAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/scroll/ScrollToTodayAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ShowChannelAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ShowChannelAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/IndentTargetFunctionFactory.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/OutdentTargetFunctionFactory.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskActionBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskDeleteAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskIndentAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskLinkAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskMoveDownAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskMoveEnabledPredicate.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskMoveUpAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskNewAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskPropertiesAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskUnindentAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskUnlinkAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/view/ViewChartOptionsDialogAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/view/ViewCycleAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/view/ViewMenu.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ViewToggleAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/ViewToggleAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/zoom/ZoomActionSet.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/zoom/ZoomInAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/zoom/ZoomOutAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/App.css,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/App.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/application/MainApplication.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/calendar/CalendarEditorPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/calendar/GPCalendarProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/calendar/GPCalendarProvider.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/calendar/HolidayCalendar.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CalendarEventAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CalendarEventAction.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/BackgroundRendererImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/Chart.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/Chart.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartModelBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartModelBase.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartModelImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartModelResource.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartOptionGroup.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartRendererBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartSelection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartSelectionListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartUIConfiguration.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ChartViewState.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/DependencyInteractionRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/export/ChartDimensions.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/export/ChartImageBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/export/ChartImageVisitor.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/export/RenderedChartImage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/ClipboardContents.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/ClipboardTaskProcessor.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/DependencySceneApiAdapter.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/GanttChartController.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/GanttChartController.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/GanttChartSelection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/MouseListenerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/MouseMotionListenerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/TaskActivitySceneApiImpl.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/TaskActivitySplitter.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/GanttChart.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/CalendarChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/ChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/TaskBoundaryChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/TaskNotesChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/TaskProgressChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/TaskRegularAreaChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/item/TimelineLabelChartItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/MilestoneTaskFakeActivity.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskBoundaryInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskEndInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressRuler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressRuler.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskStartInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/DrawDependencyInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MouseInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MouseInteractionBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MouseListenerBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MouseMotionListenerBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MouseWheelListenerBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/MoveTaskInteractions.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ScrollViewInteraction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/TimelineFacadeImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/overview/GPToolbar.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/overview/HighlightOnMouseOver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/overview/NavigationPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/overview/ToolbarBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/overview/ZoomingPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ProjectCalendarDialogAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ResourceChart.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/ResourceLoadRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/SimpleRenderedImage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/StyledPainterImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskActivityPart.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskActivityPart.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskChartModelFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskInteractionHintRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskRendererImpl2.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskRendererImpl2.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TimelineChart.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TimelineLabelRendererImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TimelineLabelRendererImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/VisibleNodesFilter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ChartComponentBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ChartImplementation.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/client/RssFeed.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/client/RssFeedChecker.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/client/RssParser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/client/RssUpdate.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomProperty.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyClass.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyClass.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyDefinition.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyHolder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/CustomPropertyManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/DefaultCustomPropertyDefinition.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/DialogBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/AbstractDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/AbstractURLDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/Document.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentCreator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentManager.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentMRUListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentsMRU.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/DocumentStorageUi.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/FileDocument.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/FtpDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/NetworkOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/Portfolio.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/ProxyDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/ReadOnlyProxyDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/FilesCellRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/FilesTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/GanttURLChooser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/HttpDocument.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/HttpDocumentOutputStream.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/MiltonResourceFactory.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/MiltonResourceImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavResource.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavResourceSlideFactory.java.bak,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavResourceSlideImpl.java.bak,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavServerDescriptor.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavStorageImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavUri.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ErrorNotifier.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/CommandLineExportApplication.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ConsoleUIFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ConsoleUIFacade.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/DeprecatedProjectExportData.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/Exporter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExporterBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExporterChooserPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExporterToCSV.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExporterToImage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExportException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExportFileWizardImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/ExportFinalizationJob.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/FileChooserPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/TaskVisitor.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/export/WebPublisher.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/FacadeInvalidator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/filter/ExtensionBasedFileFilter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/filter/GanttXMLFileFilter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/font/Fonts.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttChartTabContentPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttChartTabContentPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttExportSettings.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttGraphicArea.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttGraphicArea.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttOptions.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttPreviousState.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttPreviousStateTask.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttProject.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttProjectBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttProjectImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttProjectImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttProjectImpl.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttResourcePanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttTask.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttTree2.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttTreeTable.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttViewer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPLogger.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPTransferable.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPTreeTableBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPTreeTransferHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPVersion.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GPVersion.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttStatusBar.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttStatusBar.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectUIFacadeImpl.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/AbstractPagesDialog.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/AbstractTableAndActionsComponent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ActionUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/DateIntervalListEditor.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/DialogAligner.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/EditableList.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/FileChooserPageBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttCellListRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttDialogInfo.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttDialogPerson.form,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttDialogPerson.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttDialogProperties.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttImagePanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttLookAndFeelInfo.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttLookAndFeels.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttTabbedPane.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttTaskPropertiesBean.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GanttTaskPropertiesBean.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GPColorChooser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/GTextField.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ListAndFieldsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/NotificationChannel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/NotificationComponent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/NotificationItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/NotificationManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/NotificationManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/BooleanOptionAction.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/CSVSettingsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/EnumerationOptionComboBoxModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ExportCsvOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/GanttChartOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/GeneralOptionPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/GPOptionChoicePanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/InterfaceOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/model/CustomPropertyDefaultValueAdapter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/model/GP1XOptionConverter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/model/OptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/OptionPageProviderBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/OptionPageProviderPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/OptionsPageBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ProjectBasicOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ProjectCalendarOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ProjectRolesOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ProjectSettingsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/ResourceChartOptionPageProvider.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/SettingsDialog2.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/SpringUtilities.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/TopPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/options/WeekendsSettingsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectOpenDiagnosticImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectOpenDiagnosticImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectOpenDiagnosticUiFx.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectOpenStrategy.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ProjectUIFacade.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/I18N.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/NewProjectWizard.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/NewProjectWizardWindow.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/ProjectNamePage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/RoleSetPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/WeekendConfigurationPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/WeekendDay.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/WizardImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/projectwizard/WizardPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/RecentColorsOption.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/RecentColorsOption.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ResourceAssignmentsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ResourceAssignmentsPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ResourceAssignmentsTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ResourceTreeUIFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/scrolling/ScrollingListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/scrolling/ScrollingManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/scrolling/ScrollingManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TableModelExt.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/tableView/ColumnManagerPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/CommonPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/CommonPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/CustomColumnsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/CustomColumnsPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/DependencyTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/InternalStateListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/ResourcesTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/TaskAllocationsPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/TaskAllocationsPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/TaskDependenciesPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/TaskDependenciesPanel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/TaskScheduleDatesPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TaskSelectionContext.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TaskTreeUIFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TestGanttRolloverButton.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TextFieldAndFileChooserComponent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TextFieldAndFileChooserComponent.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/TreeUiFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/UIConfiguration.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/UIConfiguration.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/UIFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/UIUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/UIUtil.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/view/GPView.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/view/GPViewManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/view/ViewHolder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/view/ViewManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/ViewLogDialog.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/window/ContentPaneBuilder.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/zoom/ZoomEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/zoom/ZoomListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/zoom/ZoomManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/HelloKotlin.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/IGanttProject.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/BufferProject.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/BufferProject.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/FileChooserPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/Importer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImporterBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImporterChooserPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImporterFromGanttFile.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImporterFromGanttFile.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImporterFromTxtFile.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/importer/ImportFileWizardImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/AssignmentSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/CalendarSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/CSVOptions.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/GanttChartViewSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/GanttTXTOpen.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/GanttXMLOpen.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/GanttXMLSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/GPSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/HistorySaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/OptionSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/ResourceSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/ResourceSaver.java,Emile Dupont-Foisy
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/SaverBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/TaskSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/VacationSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/VacationSaver.java,Emile Dupont-Foisy
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/ViewSaver.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/io/XmlParser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/language/CharSetMap.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/language/GanttLanguage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/language/LanguageOption.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/language/ShortDateFormatOption.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/Mediator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/AbstractTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/AllocationTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ColorValueParser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/CustomPropertiesTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/DefaultWeekTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/DependencyTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/DependencyTagHandler.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/FileFormatException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/GPParser.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/HolidayTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/OptionTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ParserFactory.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ParsingContext.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ParsingListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/PreviousStateTasksTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ResourceTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/RoleTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/TagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/TaskDisplayColumnsTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/TaskPropertiesTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/TaskTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/VacationTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/parser/ViewTagHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/PluginOptionsHandler.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/PluginPreferencesImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/plugins/PluginManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/PreferenceServiceImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/print/GanttPrintable.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/print/PrintManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/print/PrintPreview.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/PrjInfos.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/AssignmentContext.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/AssignmentNode.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/HumanResource.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/HumanResource.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/HumanResourceManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/HumanResourceManager.java,Emile Dupont-Foisy
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/HumanResourceMerger.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/LoadDistribution.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/OverwritingMerger.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/ResourceContext.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/ResourceEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/ResourceNode.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/ResourceTableNode.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/ResourceView.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceDefaultColumn.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceDefaultColumn.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceLoadGraphicArea.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceLoadGraphicArea.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceTreeImageGenerator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceTreeTable.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceTreeTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceTreeTableModel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ResourceTreeTableModel.java,Emile Dupont-Foisy
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/Role.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RolePersistentID.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleSet.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleSetImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/PopupSearchCallback.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/ResourceSearchService.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchDialog.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchResult.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchResultCellRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchService.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchServiceBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/SearchUi.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/search/TaskSearchService.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/shape/JPaintCombo.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/shape/PaintCellRenderer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ShowHideColumnsDialog.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/ResourceAssignmentCollectionImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AdjustTaskBoundsAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AlgorithmBase.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AlgorithmBase.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AlgorithmCollection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AlgorithmCollection.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/AlgorithmException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CostAlgorithmImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CriticalPathAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CriticalPathAlgorithmImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/DependencyGraph.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/FindPossibleDependeesAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/FindPossibleDependeesAlgorithmImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/ProjectBoundsAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/RecalculateTaskCompletionPercentageAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/RecalculateTaskScheduleAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/RetainRootsAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/SchedulerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/ShiftTaskTreeAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/SortTasksAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/BlankLineNode.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumn.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumnsException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumnsManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumnsStorage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumnsValues.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomColumsListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomPropertyEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/CustomPropertyListenerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/ConstraintImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/ConstraintImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/DependencyActivityBindingImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/FinishFinishConstraintImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/FinishFinishConstraintImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/FinishStartConstraintImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/FinishStartConstraintImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/StartFinishConstraintImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/StartFinishConstraintImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/StartStartConstraintImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/constraint/StartStartConstraintImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/EventDispatcher.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/LoopDetector.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/MutableTaskDependencyCollection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/RangeSearchFromKey.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/RangeSearchToKey.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/SearchKey.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependency.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependency.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyCollection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyCollectionImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyCollectionMutator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyConstraint.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyConstraint.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencyImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencySlice.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencySliceAsDependant.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencySliceAsDependee.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/dependency/TaskDependencySliceImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/DurationParsingException.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskDependencyEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskHierarchyEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskListenerAdapter.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskPropertyEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/event/TaskScheduleEvent.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/hierarchy/TaskHierarchyItem.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/hierarchy/TaskHierarchyManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/MutableResourceAssignmentCollection.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/MutableTask.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/ResourceAssignment.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/ResourceAssignmentCollection.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/ResourceAssignmentCollection.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/ResourceAssignmentMutator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/Task.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/Task.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskActivitiesAlgorithm.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskActivitiesSceneAlgorithm.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskActivity.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskActivityImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskActivityImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskContainmentHierarchyFacade.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskDocumentOrderComparator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskInfo.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskManager.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskManagerConfig.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskManagerConfig.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskMutator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskNode.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskProperties.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskSelectionManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/TaskView.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TaskContainmentHierarchyFacadeImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TaskModelModificationListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TaskTreeImageGenerator.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TaskTreeImageGeneratorExt.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TreeTableCellEditorImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TreeTableContainer.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TreeTableContainer.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/TreeUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/UIFacadeImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/UIFacadeImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/GPUndoListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/GPUndoListener.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/GPUndoManager.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/UndoableEditImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/UndoManagerImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/undo/UndoManagerImpl.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/BrowserControl.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/collect/Pair.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/ColorConvertion.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/ColorConvertion.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/FileUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/MouseUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/PropertiesUtil.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/util/StringUtils.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/wizard/AbstractFileChooserPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/wizard/AbstractWizard.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/wizard/WizardPage.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/DesktopIntegration.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/DesktopIntegration.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttTreeTableModel.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/GanttTreeTableModel.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/ProjectEventListener.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/WebStartIDClass.java,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/com/sandec/mdfx/.keep,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/charsets.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/chart.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/chart.properties,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/fontawesome-webfont.ttf,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/fontawesome.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/fontawesome.properties,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/appointment-new.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/arrow-up.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/chart-drag.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/chart-hand.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/contact-new.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/document-open.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/document-properties.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/document-save.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/edit-copy.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/edit-cut.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/edit-paste.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/edit-redo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/edit-undo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/folder.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/human-document-open.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/new-edit-redo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/new-edit-undo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/process-stop.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/reload.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/status-locked.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/16x16/status-unlocked.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/appointment-new.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/contact-new.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/document-open.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/document-properties.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/document-save.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/edit-copy.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/edit-cut.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/edit-paste.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/edit-redo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/edit-undo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/human-document-open.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/list-add-user.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/new-edit-redo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/new-edit-undo.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/24x24/process-stop.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/64x64/dialog-question.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/8x8/add.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/8x8/label-red-exclamation.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/8x8/remove.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/8x8/status-locked.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/8x8/status-unlocked.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/about_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/addCol_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/addCol_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/add_bkmrk_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/aknowlegement.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/alert1_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/alert2_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/big.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/blank.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/blank_big.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/bookmarks_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/bookmark_rem_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/calendar_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/chartOptions_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/clear_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/comparePrev_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/comparePrev_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/copy_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/copy_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/copy_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/criticalPathOff_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/criticalPathOff_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/criticalPathOn_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/criticalPathOn_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/cursorpercent.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/custom.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/cut_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/cut_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/cut_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/default_calendar_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/delete_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/delete_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/document.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/document.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/document.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/down_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/down_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/down_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/dropdown_16.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/dropdown_16.xcf,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/error.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/exit_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/exit_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/exit_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/export_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/export_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/export_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject-logo-512.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject-logo-bee-bw-512.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject-logo-bee-bw-512.png,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject_16.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject_32.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/ganttproject_32_2.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/help_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/hide_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/hide_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/holidays_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/holidays_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/home_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/import_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/import_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/import_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/impres_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/indent_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/chartOptions_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/delete_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/fromto.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/indent_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/new_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/prevmonth.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/refresh_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/separator_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/top.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/indent_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/info.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/insert_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/insert_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/insert_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/landscape_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/light_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/link_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/link_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/link_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/manual_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/manual_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/manual_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/meeting.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/minus.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/mproject.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/mtask.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/new_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/new_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/nextmonth.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/nextyear.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/next_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/next_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/next_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/non_working_day_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/note_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/open_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/open_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/open_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/paste_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/paste_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/paste_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/plus.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/portrait_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/preview_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/preview_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/prevyear.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/prev_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/prev_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/prev_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/print_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/print_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/print_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/project_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/properties_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/properties_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/properties_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/publish.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/question.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/recent_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/redo_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/redo_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/redo_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/refresh_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/relashion.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/removeCol_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/removeCol_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/res_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/saveas_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/saveas_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/saveas_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/saveCurrentAsPrev_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/saveCurrentAsPrev_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/save_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/save_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/save_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/scrollcenter_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/scrollcenter_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/search_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/send_mail_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/separator_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/sepH_16.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/sepV_16.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/server_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/settings_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/showHiddens.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/show_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/show_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/simple_task.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/skip_task.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/splash.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/tasks2.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/tasks_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/task_high.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/task_highest.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/task_low.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/task_lowest.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/task_normal.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/undo_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/undo_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/undo_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unindent_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unindent_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unindent_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unlink_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unlink_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/unlink_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/up_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/up_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/up_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/warning.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/web_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/working_day_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomm_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomm_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomm_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomp_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomp_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons/zoomp_32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/icons.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/keyboard.macos.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/keyboard.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/language/extra.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/bee-element-01.svg,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/bee-element-02.svg,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/bee-element.svg,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/cell01.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/cell02.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/cell03.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/concepts-icons.svg,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/concepts-logo.svg,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/ganttproject-praha.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/ganttproject-praha.xcf,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon16.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon16.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon16.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon24.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon24.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon24.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon32.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon32.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon32.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon48.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon48.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon48.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon64.gif,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon64.ico,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/icon64.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/label01.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/label02.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logos/splash.png,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/logs/README,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/mouse.macos.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/mouse.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/ui.properties,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslfo/ganttproject.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslt/gantt-chart.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslt/gantt-resources.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslt/gantt-tasks.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslt/gantt-utils.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/resources/resources/xslt/gantt.xsl,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/main/sass/biz/ganttproject/app/Dialog.scss,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/sass/biz/ganttproject/app/mdfx.scss,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/sass/biz/ganttproject/app/theme.scss,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/main/sass/biz/ganttproject/app/typography.scss,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject/src/test/java/biz/ganttproject/app/InternationalizationTest.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/src/test/java/biz/ganttproject/storage/cloud/GPCloudDocumentTest.kt,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject/webstart-plugin.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.command,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/build-deb.properties,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/build-travis.sh,Your Name
ganttproject-builder/build.gradle,Oleg Kushnikov
ganttproject-builder/build.private.properties,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/build.xml,Your Name
ganttproject-builder/crowdin2prb.sh,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/crowdin2prb.sh,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/postinst,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/postrm,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/usr/lib/mime/packages/ganttproject,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/usr/share/doc/ganttproject/copyright,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/usr/share/mime/packages/ganttproject.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/usr/share/mime/packages/ganttproject.xml,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/deb/usr/share/pixmaps/ganttproject.png,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/eclipse-cleanup-profile.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/formatter.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject,Markus Voge
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject-128.svg,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject-eclipsito-config.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject-eclipsito-config.xml,Your Name
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject-launch4j.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject-webstart-config.xml,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.bat,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.exe,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.icns,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.jnlp,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject.l4j.ini,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/ganttproject_16.ico,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/gen-nsis,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/HouseBuildingSample.gan,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/Info.plist.patch,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/install-linux.sh,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/lib/appbundler-1.0.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/lib/appbundler-1.0.jar,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/lib/fikin-ant-1.7.3.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/lib/javagalician.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/logback.xml,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/README-install.txt,dbarashev
ganttproject-builder/translations-upload,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-builder/translations.sh,Christoph Graupner
ganttproject-builder/translations.sh,Your Name
ganttproject-tester/build.gradle,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject-tester/build.gradle,Unknown
ganttproject-tester/ganttproject-tester.launch,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/asm-3.3.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/cglib-2.2.2.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/easymock-3.0.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/junit-4.12.jar,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/lib/objenesis-1.2.jar,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/resources/issue1520.xml,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/resources/update.rss,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/WeekendCalendarImplTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/core/calendar/WeekendCalendarImplTest.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/canvas/FontChooserTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/CapacityHeatmapSceneBuilderTest.kt,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/core/chart/scene/TestBottomUnitSceneBuilder.kt,Juanan Pereira
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/CustomPropertyExportImportTest.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/GPCsvExportTest.java,roman
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/impex/csv/GPCsvImportTest.java,torkhov
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/impex/msproject2/CustomPropertyMappingTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/biz/ganttproject/storage/DocumentUriTest.kt,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/action/task/TaskMoveEnabledPredicateTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/gantt/ClipboardTaskProcessorTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressRulerTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressRulerTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/mouse/ChangeTaskProgressRulerTest.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/OffsetManagerTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/OffsetManagerTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskRendererImplTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TaskRendererImplTest.java,Your Name
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestCanvas.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestOffsetBuilder.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestOffsetBuilder.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestPainter.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestPainter.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestPainter.java,Dmitry Kazakov
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestTextLengthCalculator.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestTextLengthCalculator.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/chart/TestTimelineLabelRendererImpl.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/customProperty/CustomPropertyImportTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/document/webdav/WebDavProxyTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/gui/taskproperties/DependencyTableModelTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/TestImportResources.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/resource/TestImportResources.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/roles/RoleSetTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CostAlgorithmTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CostAlgorithmTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/CostAlgorithmTest.java,Vadym
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/DependencyGraphTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/SchedulerTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/task/algorithm/SchedulerTest.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/calendar/TestSetLength.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/calendar/TestSetLength.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/calendar/TestWeekendCalendar.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/calendar/TestWeekendCalendar.java,Your Name
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/calendar/TestWorkingUnitCounter.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/Test1362749.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestDependencyActivityBinding.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestDependencyCycle.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestFinishFinishDependency.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestRecalculateTaskScheduleAlgorithm.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestRecalculateTaskScheduleAlgorithm.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestStartFinishDepedency.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestSupertaskAdjustment.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestTaskDependencyCommon.java,Bartosz Skorupa
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/dependency/TestTaskDependencyCommon.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/event/TestTaskDependencyEvent.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/event/TestTaskHierarchyEvent.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/event/TestTaskScheduleEvent.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/hierarchy/TestTaskDocumentOrder.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/hierarchy/TestTaskDocumentOrder.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/hierarchy/TestTaskHierarchy.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/hierarchy/TestTaskHierarchy.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/ImportTasksTestCase.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/ImportTasksTestCase.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TaskTestCase.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TaskTestCase.java,Dmitry Barashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestCriticalPath.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestLocalCriticalPath.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestResourceAssignments.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestResourceAssignments.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestResourceAssignments.java,Your Name
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestTaskActivitiesRecalculation.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestTaskBounds.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestTaskBounds.java,oihanealbizuri
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/task/TestTaskCompletionPercentage.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/time/GregorianTimeStackTest.java,dbarashev
ganttproject-tester/test/net/sourceforge/ganttproject/test/time/TestWeekFramer.java,dbarashev
gradle.properties,Dmitry Barashev
LICENSE,Jan Niggemann
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/build-user.properties,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/build-user.xml,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/build-user.xml,Dmitry Barashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/build.properties,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/build.xml,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/plugin.xml,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/chart/pert/ActivityOnNodePertChart.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/chart/pert/PertChart.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/chart/pert/PertChart.java,Dmitry Barashev
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/chart/pert/PertChartAbstraction.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/chart/pert/WebStartIDClass.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/resources/icons/pert_16.gif,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/src/main/resources/icons/pert_24.gif,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.chart.pert/webstart-plugin.xml,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/build.gradle,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/plugin.xml,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/plugin.xml,dbarashev
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/AbstractEngine.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/ExporterToHTML.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/ExporterToPDF.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/fonts/TTFontCache.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/HtmlSerializer.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/HTMLStylesheet.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/ChartWriter.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/FontSubstitutionModel.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/FontSubstitutionPanel.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/ITextEngine.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/ITextStylesheet.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/itext/ThemeImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/PDFStylesheet.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/PropertyFetcher.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/Stylesheet.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/StylesheetExporterBase.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/StylesheetFactoryImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/StylesheetImpl.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/WebStartIDClass.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/java/org/ganttproject/impex/htmlpdf/XmlSerializer.java,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/fonts/DroidSansFallbackFull.ttc,Dmitry Barashev
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/fonts/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/default/gantt-chart.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/default/gantt-resources.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/default/gantt-tasks.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/default/gantt-utils.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/default/gantt.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/samara/gantt-chart.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/samara/gantt-resources.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/samara/gantt-tasks.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/samara/gantt-utils.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/samara/gantt.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/COPYING,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/gantt-chart.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/gantt-resources.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/gantt-tasks.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/gantt-utils.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/gantt.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/images/backg.png,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/images/menu.jpg,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/images/top.jpg,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/html-export-themes/striped_blue/README,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/itext-export-themes/sortavala.txt,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/basic_landscape/ganttproject.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/basic_landscape/L-ganttproject.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/ganttproject.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/layout/a4-landscape.xml,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/layout/a4-portrait.xml,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/samara/samara-generic.xml,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/samara/samara-landscape.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/src/main/resources/pdf-export-themes/samara/samara-portrait.xsl,Christoph Graupner
org.ganttproject.impex.htmlpdf/webstart-plugin.xml,dbarashev
package/linux/control,Dmitry Barashev
package/linux/GanttProject.desktop,Dmitry Barashev
package.settings.gradle,Dmitry Barashev
README,Dmitry Barashev
README.md,Chris
README.md,dbarashev
README.md,fossabot
